README.md, before:

# d-comments

![d-comments logo](./.store/d-comments.png)

[![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/gobosan/d-comments)](
 https://github.com/gobosan/d-comments/releases/latest)
![GitHub Code Size in Bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/gobosan/d-comments)
![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/gobosan/d-comments)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/gobosan/d-comments)](./LICENSE.txt)

d アニメストアの動画再生画面でニコニコ動画のコメントを表示する Chromium 拡張機能です。

[Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/d-comments/jocjhkklfiaojhhnjiejmimlohaemiep)

## Requirements

- node.js ^18.16.0 ([Node.js](https://nodejs.org/ja/))
- Google Chrome (Latest) or Microsoft Edge (Latest)
- [PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/ja-jp/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

## Setup

```PowerShell
npm install
```

## Release

```PowerShell
npm run release
```

## Build

```PowerShell
npm run build
```

## Build in dev mode

```PowerShell
npm run dev
```

## Format

```PowerShell
npm run format
```

## Lint

```PowerShell
npm run lint
```

## License

[Gnu General Public License v3.0](LICENSE.txt)

Commit message:

Firefox に対応 #38
* improve #37

* popup style and fonts

* requirements

* popup width

* mediaSession

* tiny refactoring

* bump dep

* readme

* source_code.zip

* fix

* Firefox Browser Add-ons

README.md, after:

# d-comments

![d-comments logo](./.store/d-comments.png)

[![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/gobosan/d-comments)](
 https://github.com/gobosan/d-comments/releases/latest)
![GitHub Code Size in Bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/gobosan/d-comments)
![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/gobosan/d-comments)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/gobosan/d-comments)](./LICENSE.txt)

d アニメストアの動画再生画面でニコニコ動画のコメントを表示する Chromium 拡張機能です。

## Installation

[Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/d-comments/jocjhkklfiaojhhnjiejmimlohaemiep)

[Firefox Browser Add-ons](https://addons.mozilla.org/ja/firefox/addon/d-comments/)

## Development

### Requirements

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/ja/)
- Latest Firefox Based Browser
  - [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/ja/firefox/new/)
  - etc...
- Latest Chromium Based Browser
  - [Google Chrome](https://www.google.com/intl/ja_jp/chrome/)
  - [Microsoft Edge](https://www.microsoft.com/ja-jp/edge)
  - etc...
- [PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/ja-jp/powershell/scripting/install/installing-powershell)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

Install local dependencies by running:

```sh
npm install
```

### How to build

Run the following command:

```sh
npm run release
```

If you have some errors, please try the following command with PowerShell in the project root directory:

```powershell
./scripts/release.ps1
```

This will create a zip file in the `dist` directory.

`dist/chrome.zip` is for Chromium based browsers.

`dist/firefox.zip` is for Firefox based browsers.

### Linter

Run the following command:

```sh
npm run lint
```

## License

[Gnu General Public License v3.0](LICENSE.txt)
